Select gpu (#491)
fastplotlib/fastplotlib: docs/source/user_guide/gpu.rst

If you aren't able to solve it please post an issue on GitHub. :)

3. Nothing renders or rendering is weird, or I see graphical artifacts.

- Probably driver issues (see next section).

Drivers
=======

See the README: https://github.com/fastplotlib/fastplotlib?tab=readme-ov-file#graphics-drivers

If you notice weird graphic artifacts, things not rendering, or other glitches try updating to the latest stable
drivers.

GPU Info
========

View available adapters
-----------------------

You can get a summary of all adapters that are available to ``WGPU`` like this::

    import fastplotlib as fpl

>     print([a.summary for a in fpl.enumerate_adapters()])

Author: right, I should stop writing docs after midnight :laughing:

    llvmpipe (LLVM 15.0.6, 256 bits) (CPU) on Vulkan
    AMD Radeon Graphics (rembrandt, LLVM 15.0.6, DRM 3.52, 6.4.0-0.deb12.2-amd64) (Unknown) on OpenGL

In jupyter all the available adapters are also listed when ``fastplotlib`` is imported.

You can get more detailed info on each adapter like this::

>     print([a.request_adapter_info() for a in fpl.enumerate_adapters()])

Reviewer: Similarly, the list of dicts being printed is not easy to read. Using json or pprint is much friendlier:
```suggestion
    import pprint

    for a in fpl.enumerate_adapters():
        pprint.pprint(a.request_adapter_info())
```
